Release 2.2.0 (#2599)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/ingress-resources/cross-namespace-configuration.md

---

You can spread the Ingress configuration for a common host across multiple Ingress resources using Mergeable Ingress resources. Such resources can belong to the *same* or *different* namespaces. This enables easier management when using a large number of paths. See the [Mergeable Ingress Resources](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/mergeable-ingress-types) example on our GitHub.

> As an alternative to Mergeable Ingress resources, you can use [VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/) for cross-namespace configuration. See the [Cross-Namespace Configuration](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/custom-resources/cross-namespace-configuration) example on our GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to Mergeable Ingress resources, you can use [VirtualServer and VirtualServerRoute resources](/nginx-ingress-controller/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources/) for cross-namespace configuration. See the [Cross-Namespace Configuration](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/custom-resources/cross-namespace-configuration) example in our GitHub repo.
```
